Vocab
Subsolar point >
Primate cities >
Migration theory >
Chain Migration >
Thresholds
Tourism >
Authenticity >
1. How does Bali’s religious culture set it apart from the rest of Indonesia? Why is tourism a double edge sword? > It is hindu unlike the rest of the predominent culture.  Tourists bring money but they also bring an invasion of culture and pollution.
2. What are the two distinct physical geographies of Southeast Asia? > Thousands of islands in the pacific ocean and the mainland Asian continent.
3. Why is the Mekong a great place for rice cultivation? Why is it so important? Which countries share it? > The fertile plains of it's delta combined with predictable monsoon rains in the wet season create the perfect environment for rice cultivation. It is a source of drinking water, irregation, and fish for 65 million people. Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam, and Tailand.
4. How does the physical geography of Southeast Asia vary between the mainland and the thousands of islands of the region? Where do we find the majority of the population? >
5. How do the languages of Southeast Asia reveal a difference in spatial interaction between the continental and island regions? What does the linguistic diversity of the region tell us? What solution have Indonesians adopted in order to better communication and make trade more efficient? 
6.  What role does language play in national cohesion? What advantage is gained by using English broadly in educational settings? 
7. How was the diffusion of Islam in Southeast Asia both “hierarchical” and “contagious?”
8. What is ASEAN and what are it’s three pillars? 
9. How has Singapore emerged as a global leader from amongst the nation states of Southeast Asia? 
10. Explain the commodification of tourism in your own words. How is this connected to ethnic tourism? 
11. How do the geographic concepts of scale and uneven (economic) development help us understand why human and sex trafficking are such issues in Southeast Asia? 
12. Why were the Karen targeted by the Myanmar government for persecution? 
